--- title: GitHub Terms of Service redirect_from: - /tos - /terms - /terms-of-service - /github-terms-of-service-draft - /articles/github-terms-of-service - /github/site-policy/github-terms-of-service versions: fpt: '*' topics: - Policy - Legal --- Thank you for using GitHub! We're happy you're here. Please read this Terms of Service agreement carefully before accessing or using GitHub. Because it is such an important contract between us and our users, we have tried to make it as clear as possible. For your convenience, we have presented these terms in a short non-binding summary followed by the full legal terms. ## Summary | Section | What can you find there? | | --- | --- | | [A. Definitions](#a-definitions) | Some basic terms, defined in a way that will help you understand this agreement. Refer back up to this section for clarification. | | [B. Account Terms](#b-account-terms) | These are the basic requirements of having an Account on GitHub. | | [C. Acceptable Use](#c-acceptable-use)| These are the basic rules you must follow when using your GitHub Account. | | [D. User-Generated Content](#d-user-generated-content) | You own the content you post on GitHub. However, you have some responsibilities regarding it, and we ask you to grant us some rights so we can provide services to you. | | [E. Private Repositories](#e-private-repositories) | This section talks about how GitHub will treat content you post in private repositories. | | [F. Copyright & DMCA Policy](#f-copyright-infringement-and-dmca-policy) | This section talks about how GitHub will respond if you believe someone is infringing your copyrights on GitHub. | | [G. Intellectual Property Notice](#g-intellectual-property-notice) | This describes GitHub's rights in the website and service. | | [H. API Terms](#h-api-terms) | These are the rules for using GitHub's APIs, whether you are using the API for development or data collection. | | [I. Additional Product Terms](#i-github-additional-product-terms) | We have a few specific rules for GitHub's features and products. | | [J. Beta Previews](#j-beta-previews) | These are some of the additional terms that apply to GitHub's features that are still in development. | | [K. Payment](#k-payment) | You are responsible for payment. We are responsible for billing you accurately. | | [L. Cancellation and Termination](#l-cancellation-and-termination) | You may cancel this agreement and close your Account at any time. | | [M. Communications with GitHub](#m-communications-with-github) | We only use email and other electronic means to stay in touch with our users. We do not provide phone support. | | [N. Disclaimer of Warranties](#n-disclaimer-of-warranties) | We provide our service as is, and we make no promises or guarantees about this service. **Please read this section carefully; you should understand what to expect.** | | [O. Limitation of Liability](#o-limitation-of-liability) | We will not be liable for damages or losses arising from your use or inability to use the service or otherwise arising under this agreement. **Please read this section carefully; it limits our obligations to you.** | | [P. Release and Indemnification](#p-release-and-indemnification) | You are fully responsible for your use of the service. | | [Q. Changes to these Terms of Service](#q-changes-to-these-terms) | We may modify this agreement, but we will give you 30 days' notice of material changes. | | [R. Miscellaneous](#r-miscellaneous) | Please see this section for legal details including our choice of law. | ## The GitHub Terms of Service Effective date: November 16, 2020 ## A. Definitions **Short version:** _We use these basic terms throughout the agreement, and they have specific meanings. You should know what we mean when we use each of the terms. There's not going to be a test on it, but it's still useful information._ 1. An "Account" represents your legal relationship with GitHub. A “Personal Account” represents an individual User’s authorization to log in to and use the Service and serves as a User’s identity on GitHub. “Organizations” are shared workspaces that may be associated with a single entity or with one or more Users where multiple Users can collaborate across many projects at once. A Personal Account can be a member of any number of Organizations. 1. The “Agreement” refers, collectively, to all the terms, conditions, notices contained or referenced in this document (the “Terms of Service” or the "Terms") and all other operating rules, policies (including the GitHub Privacy Statement, available at [github.com/site/privacy](https://github.com/site/privacy)) and procedures that we may publish from time to time on the Website. Most of our site policies are available at [docs.github.com/categories/site-policy](/site-policy). 1. "Beta Previews" mean software, services, or features identified as alpha, beta, preview, early access, or evaluation, or words or phrases with similar meanings. 1. “Content” refers to content featured or displayed through the Website, including without limitation code, text, data, articles, images, photographs, graphics, software, applications, packages, designs, features, and other materials that are available on the Website or otherwise available through the Service. "Content" also includes Services. “User-Generated Content” is Content, written or otherwise, created or uploaded by our Users. "Your Content" is Content that you create or own. 1. “GitHub,” “We,” and “Us” refer to GitHub, Inc., as well as our affiliates, directors, subsidiaries, contractors, licensors, officers, agents, and employees. 1. The “Service” refers to the applications, software, products, and services provided by GitHub, including any Beta Previews. 1. “The User,” “You,” and “Your” refer to the individual person, company, or organization that has visited or is using the Website or Service; that accesses or uses any part of the Account; or that directs the use of the Account in the performance of its functions. A User must be at least 13 years of age. Special terms may apply for business or government Accounts (See [Section B(5): Additional Terms](#5-additional-terms)). 1. The “Website” refers to GitHub’s website located at [github.com](https://github.com/), and all content, services, and products provided by GitHub at or through the Website. It also refers to GitHub-owned subdomains of github.com, such as [education.github.com](https://education.github.com/) and [pages.github.com](https://pages.github.com/). These Terms also govern GitHub’s conference websites, such as [githubuniverse.com](https://githubuniverse.com/), and product websites, such as [electronjs.org](https://www.electronjs.org/). Occasionally, websites owned by GitHub may provide different or additional terms of service. If those additional terms conflict with this Agreement, the more specific terms apply to the relevant page or service. ## B. Account Terms **Short version:** _Personal Accounts and Organizations have different administrative controls; a human must create your Account; you must be 13 or over; you must provide a valid email address; and you may not have more than one free Account. You alone are responsible for your Account and anything that happens while you are signed in to or using your Account. You are responsible for keeping your Account secure._ ### 1. Account Controls - Users. Subject to these Terms, you retain ultimate administrative control over your Personal Account and the Content within it. - Organizations. The "owner" of an Organization that was created under these Terms has ultimate administrative control over that Organization and the Content within it. Within the Service, an owner can manage User access to the Organization’s data and projects. An Organization may have multiple owners, but there must be at least one Personal Account designated as an owner of an Organization. If you are the owner of an Organization under these Terms, we consider you responsible for the actions that are performed on or through that Organization. ### 2. Required Information You must provide a valid email address in order to complete the signup process. Any other information requested, such as your real name, is optional, unless you are accepting these terms on behalf of a legal entity (in which case we need more information about the legal entity) or if you opt for a [paid Account](#k-payment), in which case additional information will be necessary for billing purposes. ### 3. Account Requirements We have a few simple rules for Personal Accounts on GitHub's Service. - You must be a human to create an Account. Accounts registered by "bots" or other automated methods are not permitted. We do permit machine accounts: - A machine account is an Account set up by an individual human who accepts the Terms on behalf of the Account, provides a valid email address, and is responsible for its actions. A machine account is used exclusively for performing automated tasks. Multiple users may direct the actions of a machine account, but the owner of the Account is ultimately responsible for the machine's actions. You may maintain no more than one free machine account in addition to your free Personal Account. - One person or legal entity may maintain no more than one free Account (if you choose to control a machine account as well, that's fine, but it can only be used for running a machine). - You must be age 13 or older. While we are thrilled to see brilliant young coders get excited by learning to program, we must comply with United States law. GitHub does not target our Service to children under 13, and we do not permit any Users under 13 on our Service. If we learn of any User under the age of 13, we will [terminate that User’s Account immediately](#l-cancellation-and-termination). If you are a resident of a country outside the United States, your country’s minimum age may be older; in such a case, you are responsible for complying with your country’s laws. - Your login may only be used by one person — i.e., a single login may not be shared by multiple people. A paid Organization may only provide access to as many Personal Accounts as your subscription allows. - You may not use GitHub in violation of export control or sanctions laws of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction. You may not use GitHub if you are or are working on behalf of a [Specially Designated National (SDN)](https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/SDN-List/Pages/default.aspx) or a person subject to similar blocking or denied party prohibitions administered by a U.S. government agency. GitHub may allow persons in certain sanctioned countries or territories to access certain GitHub services pursuant to U.S. government authorizations. For more information, please see our [Export Controls policy](/site-policy/other-site-policies/github-and-trade-controls). ### 4. Account Security You are responsible for keeping your Account secure while you use our Service. We offer tools such as two-factor authentication to help you maintain your Account's security, but the content of your Account and its security are up to you. - You are responsible for all content posted and activity that occurs under your Account (even when content is posted by others who have Accounts under your Account). - You are responsible for maintaining the security of your Account and password. GitHub cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation. - You will promptly [notify GitHub](https://support.github.com/contact?tags=docs-policy) if you become aware of any unauthorized use of, or access to, our Service through your Account, including any unauthorized use of your password or Account. ### 5. Additional Terms In some situations, third parties' terms may apply to your use of GitHub. For example, you may be a member of an organization on GitHub with its own terms or license agreements; you may download an application that integrates with GitHub; or you may use GitHub to authenticate to another service. Please be aware that while these Terms are our full agreement with you, other parties' terms govern their relationships with you. If you are a government User or otherwise accessing or using any GitHub Service in a government capacity, this [Government Amendment to GitHub Terms of Service](/site-policy/site-policy-deprecated/amendment-to-github-terms-of-service-applicable-to-us-federal-government-users) applies to you, and you agree to its provisions. If you have signed up for GitHub Enterprise Cloud, the [Enterprise Cloud Addendum](/site-policy/site-policy-deprecated/github-enterprise-service-level-agreement) applies to you, and you agree to its provisions. ## C. Acceptable Use **Short version:** _GitHub hosts a wide variety of collaborative projects from all over the world, and that collaboration only works when our users are able to work together in good faith. While using the service, you must follow the terms of this section, which include some restrictions on content you can post, conduct on the service, and other limitations. In short, be excellent to each other._ Your use of the Website and Service must not violate any applicable laws, including copyright or trademark laws, export control or sanctions laws, or other laws in your jurisdiction. You are responsible for making sure that your use of the Service is in compliance with laws and any applicable regulations. You agree that you will not under any circumstances violate our [Acceptable Use Policies](/site-policy/acceptable-use-policies/github-acceptable-use-policies) or [Community Guidelines](/site-policy/github-terms/github-community-guidelines). ## D. User-Generated Content **Short version:** _You own content you create, but you allow us certain rights to it, so that we can display and share the content you post. You still have control over your content, and responsibility for it, and the rights you grant us are limited to those we need to provide the service. We have the right to remove content or close Accounts if we need to._ ### 1. Responsibility for User-Generated Content You may create or upload User-Generated Content while using the Service. You are solely responsible for the content of, and for any harm resulting from, any User-Generated Content that you post, upload, link to or otherwise make available via the Service, regardless of the form of that Content. We are not responsible for any public display or misuse of your User-Generated Content. ### 2. GitHub May Remove Content We have the right to refuse or remove any User-Generated Content that, in our sole discretion, violates any laws or [GitHub terms or policies](/site-policy). User-Generated Content displayed on GitHub Mobile may be subject to mobile app stores' additional terms. ### 3. Ownership of Content, Right to Post, and License Grants You retain ownership of and responsibility for Your Content. If you're posting anything you did not create yourself or do not own the rights to, you agree that you are responsible for any Content you post; that you will only submit Content that you have the right to post; and that you will fully comply with any third party licenses relating to Content you post. Because you retain ownership of and responsibility for Your Content, we need you to grant us — and other GitHub Users — certain legal permissions, listed in Sections D.4 — D.1. These license grants apply to Your Content. If you upload Content that already comes with a license granting GitHub the permissions we need to run our Service, no additional license is required. You understand that you will not receive any payment for any of the rights granted in Sections D.4 — D.1. The licenses you grant to us will end when you remove Your Content from our servers, unless other Users have forked it. ### 4. License Grant to Us We need the legal right to do things like host Your Content, publish it, and share it. You grant us and our legal successors the right to store, archive, parse, and display Your Content, and make incidental copies, as necessary to provide the Service, including improving the Service over time. This license includes the right to do things like copy it to our database and make backups; show it to you and other users; parse it into a search index or otherwise analyze it on our servers; share it with other users; and perform it, in case Your Content is something like music or video. This license does not grant GitHub the right to sell Your Content. It also does not grant GitHub the right to otherwise distribute or use Your Content outside of our provision of the Service, except that as part of the right to archive Your Content, GitHub may permit our partners to store and archive Your Content in public repositories in connection with the [GitHub Arctic Code Vault and GitHub Archive Program](https://archiveprogram.github.com/). ### 5. License Grant to Other Users Any User-Generated Content you post publicly, including issues, comments, and contributions to other Users' repositories, may be viewed by others. By setting your repositories to be viewed publicly, you agree to allow others to view and "fork" your repositories (this means that others may make their own copies of Content from your repositories in repositories they control). If you set your pages and repositories to be viewed publicly, you grant each User of GitHub a nonexclusive, worldwide license to use, display, and perform Your Content through the GitHub Service and to reproduce Your Content solely on GitHub as permitted through GitHub's functionality (for example, through forking). You may grant further rights if you [adopt a license](/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository#including-an-open-source-license-in-your-repository). If you are uploading Content you did not create or own, you are responsible for ensuring that the Content you upload is licensed under terms that grant these permissions to other GitHub Users. ### 6. Contributions Under Repository License Whenever you add Content to a repository containing notice of a license, you license that Content under the same terms, and you agree that you have the right to license that Content under those terms. If you have a separate agreement to license that Content under different terms, such as a contributor license agreement, that agreement will supersede. Isn't this just how it works already? Yep. This is widely accepted as the norm in the open-source community; it's commonly referred to by the shorthand "inbound=outbound". We're just making it explicit. ### 7. Moral Rights You retain all moral rights to Your Content that you upload, publish, or submit to any part of the Service, including the rights of integrity and attribution. However, you waive these rights and agree not to assert them against us, to enable us to reasonably exercise the rights granted in Section D.4, but not otherwise. To the extent this agreement is not enforceable by applicable law, you grant GitHub the rights we need to use Your Content without attribution and to make reasonable adaptations of Your Content as necessary to render the Website and provide the Service. ## E. Private Repositories **Short version:** _We treat the content of private repositories as confidential, and we only access it as described in our Privacy Statement—for security purposes, to assist the repository owner with a support matter, to maintain the integrity of the Service, to comply with our legal obligations, if we have reason to believe the contents are in violation of the law, or with your consent._ ### 1. Control of Private Repositories Some Accounts may have private repositories, which allow the User to control access to Content. ### 2. Confidentiality of Private Repositories GitHub considers the contents of private repositories to be confidential to you. GitHub will protect the contents of private repositories from unauthorized use, access, or disclosure in the same manner that we would use to protect our own confidential information of a similar nature and in no event with less than a reasonable degree of care. ### 3. Access GitHub personnel may only access the content of your private repositories in the situations described in our [Privacy Statement](/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement#repository-contents). You may choose to enable additional access to your private repositories. For example: - You may enable various GitHub services or features that require additional rights to Your Content in private repositories. These rights may vary depending on the service or feature, but GitHub will continue to treat your private repository Content as confidential. If those services or features require rights in addition to those we need to provide the GitHub Service, we will provide an explanation of those rights. Additionally, we may be [compelled by law](/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement#for-legal-disclosure) to disclose the contents of your private repositories. GitHub will provide notice regarding our access to private repository content, unless [for legal disclosure](/site-policy/privacy-policies/github-privacy-statement#for-legal-disclosure), to comply with our legal obligations, or where otherwise bound by requirements under law, for automated scanning, or if in response to a security threat or other risk to security. ## F. Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy If you believe that content on our website violates your copyright, please contact us in accordance with our [Digital Millennium Copyright Act Policy](/site-policy/content-removal-policies/dmca-takedown-policy). If you are a copyright owner and you believe that content on GitHub violates your rights, please contact us via [our convenient DMCA form](https://github.com/contact/dmca) or by emailing [copyright@github.com](mailto:copyright@github.com). There may be legal consequences for sending a false or frivolous takedown notice. Before sending a takedown request, you must consider legal uses such as fair use and licensed uses. We will terminate the Accounts of [repeat infringers](/site-policy/content-removal-policies/dmca-takedown-policy#e-repeated-infringement) of this policy. ## G. Intellectual Property Notice **Short version:** _We own the service and all of our content. In order for you to use our content, we give you certain rights to it, but you may only use our content in the way we have allowed._ ### 1. GitHub's Rights to Content GitHub and our licensors, vendors, agents, and/or our content providers retain ownership of all intellectual property rights of any kind related to the Website and Service. We reserve all rights that are not expressly granted to you under this Agreement or by law. The look and feel of the Website and Service is copyright © GitHub, Inc. All rights reserved. You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the HTML/CSS, Javascript, or visual design elements or concepts without express written permission from GitHub. ### 2. GitHub Trademarks and Logos If you’d like to use GitHub’s trademarks, you must follow all of our trademark guidelines, including those on our logos page: https://github.com/logos. ### 3. License to GitHub Policies This Agreement is licensed under this [Creative Commons Zero license](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). For details, see our [site-policy repository](https://github.com/github/site-policy#license). ## H. API Terms **Short version:** _You agree to these Terms of Service, plus this Section H, when using any of GitHub's APIs (Application Provider Interface), including use of the API through a third party product that accesses GitHub._ Abuse or excessively frequent requests to GitHub via the API may result in the temporary or permanent suspension of your Account's access to the API. GitHub, in our sole discretion, will determine abuse or excessive usage of the API. We will make a reasonable attempt to warn you via email prior to suspension. You may not share API tokens to exceed GitHub's rate limitations. You may not use the API to download data or Content from GitHub for spamming purposes, including for the purposes of selling GitHub users' personal information, such as to recruiters, headhunters, and job boards. All use of the GitHub API is subject to these Terms of Service and the [GitHub Privacy Statement](https://github.com/site/privacy). GitHub may offer subscription-based access to our API for those Users who require high-throughput access or access that would result in resale of GitHub's Service. ## I. GitHub Additional Product Terms **Short version:** _You need to follow certain specific terms and conditions for GitHub's various features and products, and you agree to the Supplemental Terms and Conditions when you agree to this Agreement._ Some Service features may be subject to additional terms specific to that feature or product as set forth in the GitHub Additional Product Terms. By accessing or using the Services, you also agree to the [GitHub Additional Product Terms](/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-for-additional-products-and-features). ## J. Beta Previews **Short version:** _Beta Previews may not be supported or may change at any time. You may receive confidential information through those programs that must remain confidential while the program is private. We'd love your feedback to make our Beta Previews better._ ### 1. Subject to Change Beta Previews may not be supported and may be changed at any time without notice. In addition, Beta Previews are not subject to the same security measures and auditing to which the Service has been and is subject. **By using a Beta Preview, you use it at your own risk.** ### 2. Confidentiality As a user of Beta Previews, you may get access to special information that isn’t available to the rest of the world. Due to the sensitive nature of this information, it’s important for us to make sure that you keep that information secret. **Confidentiality Obligations.** You agree that any non-public Beta Preview information we give you, such as information about a private Beta Preview, will be considered GitHub’s confidential information (collectively, “Confidential Information”), regardless of whether it is marked or identified as such. You agree to only use such Confidential Information for the express purpose of testing and evaluating the Beta Preview (the “Purpose”), and not for any other purpose. You should use the same degree of care as you would with your own confidential information, but no less than reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use, disclosure, publication, or dissemination of our Confidential Information. You promise not to disclose, publish, or disseminate any Confidential Information to any third party, unless we don’t otherwise prohibit or restrict such disclosure (for example, you might be part of a GitHub-organized group discussion about a private Beta Preview feature). **Exceptions.** Confidential Information will not include information that is: (a) or becomes publicly available without breach of this Agreement through no act or inaction on your part (such as when a private Beta Preview becomes a public Beta Preview); (b) known to you before we disclose it to you; (c) independently developed by you without breach of any confidentiality obligation to us or any third party; or (d) disclosed with permission from GitHub. You will not violate the terms of this Agreement if you are required to disclose Confidential Information pursuant to operation of law, provided GitHub has been given reasonable advance written notice to object, unless prohibited by law. ### 3. Feedback We’re always trying to improve of products and services, and your feedback as a Beta Preview user will help us do that. If you choose to give us any ideas, know-how, algorithms, code contributions, suggestions, enhancement requests, recommendations or any other feedback for our products or services (collectively, “Feedback”), you acknowledge and agree that GitHub will have a royalty-free, fully paid-up, worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, irrevocable and perpetual license to implement, use, modify, commercially exploit and/or incorporate the Feedback into our products, services, and documentation. ## K. Payment **Short version:** _You are responsible for any fees associated with your use of GitHub. We are responsible for communicating those fees to you clearly and accurately, and letting you know well in advance if those prices change._ ### 1. Pricing Our pricing and payment terms are available at [github.com/pricing](https://github.com/pricing). If you agree to a subscription price, that will remain your price for the duration of the payment term; however, prices are subject to change at the end of a payment term. ### 2. Upgrades, Downgrades, and Changes - We will immediately bill you when you upgrade from the free plan to any paying plan. - If you change from a monthly billing plan to a yearly billing plan, GitHub will bill you for a full year at the next monthly billing date. - If you upgrade to a higher level of service, we will bill you for the upgraded plan immediately. - You may change your level of service at any time by [choosing a plan option](https://github.com/pricing) or going into your [Billing settings](https://github.com/settings/billing). If you choose to downgrade your Account, you may lose access to Content, features, or capacity of your Account. Please see our section on [Cancellation](#l-cancellation-and-termination) for information on getting a copy of that Content. ### 3. Billing Schedule; No Refunds **Payment Based on Plan** For monthly or yearly payment plans, the Service is billed in advance on a monthly or yearly basis respectively and is non-refundable. There will be no refunds or credits for partial months of service, downgrade refunds, or refunds for months unused with an open Account; however, the service will remain active for the length of the paid billing period. In order to treat everyone equally, no exceptions will be made. **Payment Based on Usage** Some Service features are billed based on your usage. A limited quantity of these Service features may be included in your plan for a limited term without additional charge. If you choose to use paid Service features beyond the quantity included in your plan, you pay for those Service features based on your actual usage in the preceding month. Monthly payment for these purchases will be charged on a periodic basis in arrears. See [GitHub Additional Product Terms for Details](/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-for-additional-products-and-features). **Invoicing** For invoiced Users, User agrees to pay the fees in full, up front without deduction or setoff of any kind, in U.S. Dollars. User must pay the fees within thirty (30) days of the GitHub invoice date. Amounts payable under this Agreement are non-refundable, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement. If User fails to pay any fees on time, GitHub reserves the right, in addition to taking any other action at law or equity, to (i) charge interest on past due amounts at 1.0% per month or the highest interest rate allowed by law, whichever is less, and to charge all expenses of recovery, and (ii) terminate the applicable order form. User is solely responsible for all taxes, fees, duties and governmental assessments (except for taxes based on GitHub's net income) that are imposed or become due in connection with this Agreement. ### 4. Authorization By agreeing to these Terms, you are giving us permission to charge your on-file credit card, PayPal account, or other approved methods of payment for fees that you authorize for GitHub. ### 5. Responsibility for Payment You are responsible for all fees, including taxes, associated with your use of the Service. By using the Service, you agree to pay GitHub any charge incurred in connection with your use of the Service. If you dispute the matter, contact [GitHub Support](https://support.github.com/contact?tags=docs-policy). You are responsible for providing us with a valid means of payment for paid Accounts. Free Accounts are not required to provide payment information. ## L. Cancellation and Termination **Short version:** _You may close your Account at any time. If you do, we'll treat your information responsibly._ ### 1. Account Cancellation It is your responsibility to properly cancel your Account with GitHub. You can [cancel your Account at any time](/billing/managing-the-plan-for-your-github-account/downgrading-your-accounts-plan) by going into your Settings in the global navigation bar at the top of the screen. The Account screen provides a simple, no questions asked cancellation link. We are not able to cancel Accounts in response to an email or phone request. ### 2. Upon Cancellation We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, but barring legal requirements, we will delete your full profile and the Content of your repositories within 90 d취소 또는 종료의 아이(일부 정보는 암호화된 백업에 남아 있을 수 있지만). 이 정보는 귀하의 계정이 취소되면 복구할 수 없습니다. 다른 사용자들의 저장소에 기여했거나 다른 사용자가 포크한 내용을 삭제하지 않을 것입니다. 요청 시, 계정소유자에게 계정취소, 해지 또는 다운그레이드 후 적법하고 침해되지 않는 계정내용 사본을 제공하도록 합리적인 노력을 기울이겠습니다. 90일 이내에 이 요청을 해야 합니다. cancellation, termination, or downgrade. ### 3. GitHub May Terminate GitHub has the right to suspend or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. GitHub reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. ### 4. Survival All provisions of this Agreement which, by their nature, should survive termination _의지_ 제한 없이 소유권 조항, 보증 면책자, 배상 및 책임 제한을 포함하여 종료하십시오. ## GitHub과의 M. Communications **짧은 버전:** _우리는 이메일과 다른 전자 수단을 사용하여 사용자와 연락합니다._ ##1. 계약상 필요한 전자통신은 (1) 당신이 제출했거나 서비스를 통해 제공한 이메일 주소를 통해 전자적인 형태로 우리에게 통신을 받는 것에 동의합니다. (2) 우리가 제공한 모든 서비스 약관, 합의서, 통지서, 공개 및 기타 통신이 서류상에 있으면 그 통신이 만족할 수 있는 법적 요건을 전자적으로 충족시키는 것에 동의합니다. 이 절은 당신의 비부족 권리에 영향을 미치지 않습니다. ##2. Gi에 대한 법적 통지tHub Must Be in Writing Communications made through email or GitHub Support's messaging system will not constitute legal notice to GitHub or any of its officers, employees, agents or representatives in any situation where notice to GitHub is required by contract or any law or regulation. Legal notice to GitHub must be in writing and [GitHub의 법률 대리인으로 봉사].#3. 전화 지원 GitHub은 이메일, 서비스 내 통신 및 전자 메시지를 통해서만 지원이 제공되지 않습니다. 우리는 전화 지원을 제공하지 않습니다. ##N.보증의 면책 **짧은 버전:** _우리는 우리의 서비스를 그대로 제공하고, 우리는 이 서비스에 대한 약속이나 보장을 하지 않습니다. 이 절을 잘 읽어주세요. 무엇을 기대해야 하는지 이해하셔야 합니다._ GitHub은 웹사이트와 서비스를 “그것처럼” 그리고 “가능한 대로” 어떤 종류의 보증 없이 제공합니다. 이를 제한하지 않고, 우리는 웹사이트와 서비스에 관한 명시적이든 묵시적이든 법정적이든 모든 보증을 명시적으로 부인하며, 여기에는 상품성에 대한 제한 없이, 특정 목적에 대한 적합성, 제목, 보안, 정확성 및 침해가 없는 것 등이 포함된다. GitHub은 서비스가 당신의 요건을 충족할 것이라고 보증하지 않습니다. 서비스는 중단되지 않고, 시의적절하며, 안전합니다.r error-free; that the information provided through the Service is accurate, reliable or correct; that any defects or errors will be corrected; that the Service will be available at any particular time or location; or that the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components. You assume full responsibility and risk of loss resulting from your downloading and/or use of files, information, content or other material obtained from the Service. ## O. Limitation of Liability **짧은 버전:** _귀하의 사용으로 인한 손해 또는 서비스 사용 불능 또는 기타 본 계약에 따라 발생하는 손해 또는 손해에 대해 책임을지지 않습니다. 이 절을 잘 읽어주세요. 그것은 당신에게 우리의 의무를 제한합니다._ 당신은 당신이 사용자-제네레이트 콘텐츠의 사용, 공개 또는 표시로 인해 발생하는 이익, 사용, 선의 또는 데이터의 손실 또는 부수적이고 간접적이고 특수하며 결과적 또는 모범적인 손해에 대해 당신 또는 제 3자에게 책임을지지 않을 것이라는 것을 이해하고 동의합니다. 서비스의 사용 또는 사용 불가능. - 모든 수정, 가격 변경, 중단 또는 중단; 서비스의 일반적으로 또는 소프트웨어 또는 시스템을 만드는 소프트웨어 또는 시스템 서비스 가능 - unauthorized access to or alterations of your transmissions or data; - statements or conduct of any third party on the Service; - any other user interactions that you input or receive through your use of the Service; or - any other matter relating to the Service. Our liability is limited whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damages, and even if a remedy set forth in this Agreement is found to have failed of its essential purpose. We will have no liability for any failure or del우리의 합리적인 통제를 벗어난 사항으로 인한 y. ## P. 방출 및 보상 **짧은 버전:** _당신은 서비스 이용에 책임이 있습니다. 다른 사람에게 해를 끼치거나 다른 사람과 분쟁을 겪으면 우리는 관여하지 않을 것이다._ 하나 이상의 사용자와 분쟁이 있는 경우, 깃허브를 그러한 분쟁에서 발생하거나 어떤 방식으로든 알려진 모든 종류와 자연의 모든 청구, 요구 및 손해 (실제 및 결과)로부터 방출하는 것에 동의합니다. 당신은 우리에게 보상하고, 우리를 변호하며, 변호사 비용을 포함한 모든 청구, 부채 및 비용으로부터 무해하게 유지하는 것에 동의합니다. 여기에는 이 아그르를 위반하지만 이에 제한되지 않습니다.eement, provided that GitHub (1) promptly gives you written notice of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding; (2) gives you sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding (provided that you may not settle any claim, demand, suit or proceeding unless the settlement unconditionally releases GitHub of all liability); and (3) provides to you all reasonable assistance, at your expense. ## Q. Changes to These Terms **짧은 버전:** _우리는 사용자들이 우리의 용어에 중요한 변화를 알려주기를 원하지만, 어떤 변화는 그렇게 중요하지 않습니다. 우리는 오타를 고칠 때마다 당신을 괴롭히고 싶지 않습니다. 그래서 우리는 언제든지 이 협정을 수정할 수 있지만, 우리는 사용자에게 어떠한 물질적 변경 사항을 알리고 그것에 대한 조정 시간을 줄 것입니다._ 우리는 우리의 유일한 재량에 따라 언제든 이러한 서비스 조건을 개정할 권리를 유보하고 그러한 개정이 있을 경우 이러한 서비스 조건을 업데이트할 것입니다. 우리는 사용자에게 가격 인상과 같은 본 계약의 물질적 변경 사항을 통보할 것입니다. 변경이 시행되기 최소 30일 전에는 귀하의 GitHub 계정에 명시된 주요 이메일 주소로 이메일을 보내십시오. 고객이 그 30일 후에 서비스를 계속 사용하는 것은 그 서비스에 대한 합의에 해당합니다. 본 계약의 개정. 다른 수정 사항에 대해, 웹 사이트를 계속 사용하는 것은 이러한 서비스 조건의 개정에 대한 합의를 구성합니다. 우리는 이 용어의 모든 변화를 볼 수 있습니다. [사이트 정책](https://github.com/github/site-policy) 저장소 우리는 통지가 있든 없든 간에 웹사이트(또는 그 일부)를 수정하거나 영구적으로 수정하거나 중단할 권리를 언제든지 및 수시로 유보합니다. #R. 기타 ##1. 준거법 규정 한도를 제외하고, 본 계약서와 깃허브 사이의 이 협정 및 웹 사이트 또는 서비스의 접근 또는 사용은 미국 연방법과 캘리포니아 주의 법률에 의해 관리됩니다.   아이시온 당신과 GitHub은 캘리포니아 샌프란시스코 시 및 카운티에 위치한 법원의 독점 관할 구역과 장소에 제출하기로 동의합니다. ##2. 비할당성 GitHub은 이러한 서비스 조건을 할당하거나 위임할 수 있습니다.     [깃허브 프라이버시 성명](https://github.com/site/privacy)      d 간략한 요약은 법적 구속력이 없습니다. ##4. 심각성, 포기 없음 및 생존이 협정의 일부분이 무효 또는 강제 불가로 유지되면 협정의 일부분은 당사자의 원래 의도를 반영하도록 해석됩니다. 나머지 부분은 완전한 힘과 효과를 유지할 것이다. GitHub이 본 계약의 어떠한 규정도 시행하지 못한 것은 그러한 규정의 집행권의 포기로 간주되지 않을 것이다. 본 계약에 따른 우리의 권리는 해지되지 않을 것입니다.        d 간략한 요약은 법적 구속력이 없습니다. ##4. 심각성, 포기 없음 및 생존이 협정의 일부분이 무효 또는 강제 불가로 유지되면 협정의 일부분은 당사자의 원래 의도를 반영하도록 해석됩니다. 나머지 부분은 완전한 힘과 효과를 유지할 것이다. GitHub이 본 계약의 어떠한 규정도 시행하지 못한 것은 그러한 규정의 집행권의 포기로 간주되지 않을 것이다. 본 계약에 따른 우리의 권리는 해지되지 않을 것입니다.      본 계약의 ##5. 수정 사항;       본 계약의 ##5. 수정 사항; 완전한 계약은 GitHub의 권한있는 대리인이 서명한 서면 수정 또는 개정 버전의 GitHub이 게시한 것에 의해서만 수정될 수 있습니다.        [Q. 이 용어의 변경](#q-changes-to-the-terms)   . 이러한 서비스 조건은 GitHub Privacy 성명과 함께 당신과 우리 사이의 합의의 완전하고 독점적인 진술을 나타냅니다. 본 계약은 기밀 또는 비공개 협정을 포함한 이 조건의 주제와 관련된 제안 또는 사전 계약 또는 서면 및 기타 기타 깃허브 간의 통신을 대체합니다. ## 6. 서비스 약관에 대한 질문?     [연락하라](https://support.github.com/contact?tags=docs-policy).---
제목: GitHub 코드스페이스 청구에 관한 사항
짧은 제목: 청구에 관한 것
도입부: '{% data 변수 사용 비용에 대해 배우세요.product.prodname_github_codespace %} 및 {% data 변수가 포함된 월 사용 할당량.product.prodname_dotcom %} 개인 계정.'
버전:
 fpt: '*'
         게크: ' *'       
유형: 개요
주제:
  -         코드스페이스       
  -        빌링      
redirect_from:
  - /billing/관리-billing-for-github-codespace/about-billing-for-codespace
  - /github/developing-online-with-codespace/about-biling-for-codespace
  - /codespace/getting-started-with-codespace/about-billing-for-codespace
  - /codespace/codespace-reference/about-billing-for-codespace
  - /codespace/codespace-참조/codespace는 see-billing-for-codespace sernas.
  - /codespaces/codespaces-참조/ 이해-github-codespaces.md
---

## 약 {% 데이터 변수.product.prodname_github_codespace %} t 센테

{% ifversion Billing-auth-and-capture %}
{% data reusables.billing.authorization-charge %}
{% endif %}

{% data reusables.codespaces.codespaces-free-for-personal-intro %}

조직은 저장소에서 생성된 코드스페이스가 사용자 소유인지 조직 소유인지 선택할 수 있다. 자세한 내용은 "를 참조하십시오.[자동제목]   "조직은 다음과 같은 모든 것이 사실이라면 코드스페이스를 지불합니다.     

-     그 조직은 코드스페이스를 조직 소유로 선택했다.   
{% data reusables.codespace.when-an-org-pays %}

사용자를 위한 {% 데이터 변수.product.prodname_github_codespace %}를 가능하게 하는 자세한 내용은 "[자동제목]."

그렇지 않으면 {% 데이터 변수의 사용.product.prodname_github_codespace %}은 코드스페이스를 만든 사람의 개인 계정에 적용되며, 개인 계정에 대한 월간 포함 사용량의 일부를 소비하거나, 포함된 할당량을 초과하여 사용량에 따라 계정이 청구된다.

조직 및 기업 계정에 대한 무료, 팀 및 기업 계획은 {% 데이터 변수.product.prodname_github_codespace %}의 무료 사용을 포함하지 않습니다.

{% ifversion ghec %}
{% data reusables.codespaces.codespaces-unvailable-for-emus %}
{% endif %}

{% ifversion fpt %}

##    개인 계정의 보관 및 핵심 시간 포함  

개인 계정에 대해서는 다음 각 호의 저장 및 핵심 사용시간을 무료로 포함한다.

|    회계계획서    |    월간 저장    |    월별 핵심 시간    |
| ------------ | ----------------- | -------------------- |
| {% data variable.product.prodname_dotcom %} 개인 계정 무료 |    15GB개월    |    120    |
| {% data variable.product.prodname_dotcom %} Pro |   20GB개월   |    180    |

{% note %}

**노트**

- The GB-month unit of storage is a time-based measurement, 1 GB-month being 1 GB of storage usage for one whole month. The disk space used by all of your codespaces and prebuilds is assessed once an hour and your current GB-month usage is recalculated. Therefore, while you have codespaces and prebuilds, your GB-month usage will increase throughout the month. For example, if the storage totals 15 GB, and remains unchanged throughout your monthly billing cycle, then you will have used 7.5 GB halfway through the month, and 15 GB at the end of the month. For more information, see "[About billing for storage usage](#about-billing-for-storage-usage)" later in this article.
- A "core hour" is a measure used for included compute usage. To calculate core hours, multiply the number of hours for which a codespace has been active by the multiplier in the pricing table later in this article. For the basic machine types, the multiplier is the number of processor cores in the machine that hosts the codespace. For example, if you use a 2-core machine for your codespace and it's active for an hour, you have used 2 core hours. If you use an 8-core machine for an hour, you have used 8 core hours. If you use an 8-core machine for two hours, you have used 16 core hours.

{% endnote %}

You will be notified by email when you have used 75%, 90%, and 100% of your included quotas. Notifications are also displayed in a "toast" message within {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_shortname %} and the {% data variables.product.prodname_vscode_shortname %} web client. You can turn off email notifications if required. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/managing-the-spending-limit-for-github-codespaces#managing-usage-and-spending-limit-email-notifications)."

When a personal account has used all of either the included storage or compute usage (whichever is reached first), and has no spending limit configured, use of {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} will be blocked. You must set up a payment method and a spending limit to continue using {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} during the current billing month. At the beginning of the next monthly billing cycle the included usage is reset. Storage will not be billed while use of {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} is blocked.

You can view details of your usage for the current month at any time. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/viewing-your-github-codespaces-usage)."

If you are blocked from resuming a codespace and you want to continue to work on changes you have made in your codespace, you can do any of the following:

- Add a payment method and a spending limit greater than $0 USD.
- Export the changes from the codespace to a branch. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/troubleshooting/exporting-changes-to-a-branch)."
- Wait for your monthly included usage to reset at the start of the next monthly billing cycle.

If you have used all of either your included storage usage or your included compute usage, and you have set up a payment method and a spending limit, any further use of codespaces owned by your personal account will incur charges for whichever type of usage has no remaining included quota. You will not be charged for the other type of usage until you have also used all of its included quota.

{% data reusables.codespaces.tips-included-usage %}

{% endif %}

## Pricing for paid usage

A {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} instance (a "codespace") incurs charges for compute time, while it is active, and for the amount of disk space the codespace occupies, while it exists. The compute cost is proportional to the number of processor cores in the machine type you choose for your codespace, as shown in the following table. For example, the compute cost of using a codespace for an hour on a 16-core machine is eight times greater than a 2-core machine.

| Component           | Machine type | Unit of measure | Included usage multiplier | Price |
| ------------------- | ------------ | --------------- | ------------------------- | ----- |
| Codespaces compute  |  2 core      | 1 hour          | 2                         | $0.18 |
| Codespaces compute  |  4 core      | 1 hour          | 4                         | $0.36 |
| Codespaces compute  |  8 core      | 1 hour          | 8                         | $0.72 |
| Codespaces compute  |  16 core     | 1 hour          | 16                        | $1.44 |
| Codespaces compute  |  32 core     | 1 hour          | 32                        | $2.88 |
| Codespaces storage  |  Storage     | 1 GB-month | Not applicable             | $0.07 |

For more information about the GB-month unit of measure, see "[About billing for storage usage](#about-billing-for-storage-usage)."

If you enable prebuilding of codespaces this will incur additional charges. For more information, see "[About billing for {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} prebuilds](#about-billing-for-codespaces-prebuilds)."

## About your bill for {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}

{% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} is billed in US dollars (USD) according to the amount of compute time and storage space your codespaces use. {% data reusables.codespaces.codespaces-monthly-billing %}

Billing for {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} shares your account's existing payment method, and receipt. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/billing/managing-your-github-billing-settings/viewing-your-subscriptions-and-billing-date)."

If you are an organization owner{% ifversion ghec %} or enterprise owner{% endif%}, you can connect an Azure Subscription ID to your organization {% ifversion ghec %}or enterprise{% endif%} account to enable and pay for {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} usage. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/billing/managing-the-plan-for-your-github-account/connecting-an-azure-subscription)."

## About billing for compute usage

The compute usage of a codespace is the length of time for which that codespace is active multiplied by the multiplier in the pricing table for the machine type of the codespace. Total compute usage is calculated by summing the time used by all codespaces billable to a particular account. These totals are reported to the billing service every hour, and are billed monthly.

As an example, if a codespace is active for 1 hour and 15 minutes, then the compute cost will be the hourly cost of the codespace, as determined by its machine type, multiplied by 1.25.

You can control compute usage by stopping your codespaces. For information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/stopping-and-starting-a-codespace)." Codespaces are stopped automatically after a configurable period of inactivity. The timeout period can be configured by the user, or at the organization level. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/setting-your-timeout-period-for-github-codespaces)" and "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-the-idle-timeout-period)."

## About billing for storage usage

For {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} billing purposes, storage comprises the disk space used by all of the codespaces and prebuilds in your account. This includes any files you use in a codespace, such as cloned repositories, configuration files, data loaded to the codespace (for example as input or output of the software running in the repository), and extensions, among others. Storage is billed for all of your existing codespaces, regardless of whether they are active or inactive with the exception of blocked usage due to exhausted included usage quota or reaching your spending limit. The storage billing for a codespace ends when it is deleted. However, deleting a codespace does not reduce your used storage amount for the current billing month as this is a cumulative figure.

{% note %}

**Note**

When you use the default dev container configuration, your dev container will be built from the default Linux image for codespaces. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/adding-a-dev-container-configuration/introduction-to-dev-containers#using-the-default-dev-container-configuration)." Containers based on the default image are not counted as used storage, irrespective of whether you have added features in your dev container configuration. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/setting-up-your-project-for-codespaces/configuring-dev-containers/adding-features-to-a-devcontainer-file)."

If you use the default image, the storage usage for your codespace will be based on the files in your repository, and any files you subsequently add to the codespace. If you use an alternative base image, then the resulting container and all of the files in the codespace will be counted as used storage.

{% data reusables.codespaces.check-for-default-image %}

{% endnote %}

Codespace storage is reported in GB-months. Your billing month runs from a fixed day in one month until the same day in the next month. In most cases the day of the month is determined by the day you started on your current {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} plan. Your GB-month storage is calculated as follows. Once every hour, the storage used by all of your currently active and stopped codespaces is assessed. This figure is then divided by the number of hours in the current billing month: `total storage size / hours this month`. The result is added to the running total for codespace storage for the month.

For example, if you have one codespace that uses 100 GB of storage and has existed for one hour you will have used `100 / (24 * 30) = 0.1388` GB-months of storage in a 30-day month. If your use of {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} during a 30-day month consists of two 100 GB codespaces that both existed for three full days then there will be `24 * 3` hourly reports for the storage of these codespaces, giving a total of `(24 * 3) * 200 / (24 * 30) = 20` GB-months.

For each hourly report, the storage usage for the previous hour is calculated in seconds. As a result, you won't be charged for a full hour of storage if a codespace did not exist for the full 60 minutes. At the end of the month, {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} rounds your storage to the nearest MB.

Organization owners can:
- List the currently active and stopped codespaces for your organization. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/listing-the-codespaces-in-your-organization)." In addition to the cost of these codespaces, the cost of {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} for the current month may include costs for codespaces that existed earlier in the current month but have since been deleted.
- See the total {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} compute and storage usage for your organization for the current month to date. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/viewing-your-github-codespaces-usage)."
- Configure your organization settings to manage the cost of {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/managing-the-cost-of-github-codespaces-in-your-organization)."

To estimate the costs for usage-based billing, you can use the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} [pricing calculator](https://github.com/pricing/calculator?feature=codespaces).

## About billing for {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} prebuilds

{% data reusables.codespaces.prebuilds-definition %} For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/prebuilding-your-codespaces/about-github-codespaces-prebuilds)."

### {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} costs for prebuilds

Prebuilds are created and updated by running a {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} workflow on a {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}-hosted runner. You can configure how you want prebuild updates to be automatically triggered. For information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/prebuilding-your-codespaces/configuring-prebuilds#configuring-a-prebuild)."

As with other workflows, while prebuild workflows are running they consume {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} minutes included with your account, if you have any, or they incur charges for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} minutes. For more information about pricing for {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} minutes, see "[AUTOTITLE](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-actions/about-billing-for-github-actions)." There is no associated {% data variables.product.prodname_codespaces %} compute cost for creating or updating prebuilds.

You can track usage of prebuild workflows and storage by downloading a usage report for your account. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/viewing-your-github-codespaces-usage)."

### Storage costs for prebuilds

In addition to {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} minutes, you will also be billed for the storage of prebuilds associated with each prebuild configuration, for a given repository and region. Storage of prebuilds is billed at the same rate as storage of codespaces.

The storage cost for a prebuild in a single region will be similar to the storage cost that will be incurred for storing a single codespace created from that prebuild. The storage cost for the generated codespace may be more than the cost for the prebuild if, for example, the `updateContentCommand` and `postCreateCommand` commands are used during codespace creation to download more files to the dev container.

The total storage costs associated with a prebuild configuration will depend on the following factors.

- The price of storage per GB. See the table earlier in this article.
- The size of the generated prebuild in GB.
- The number of regions in which the prebuild is available (because a copy of the prebuild is stored in each region).
- The number of older versions of the prebuild that are retained.

The storage cost for the prebuilds generated by a prebuild configuration is therefore calculated as: `price per GB * size (GB) * regions * versions`.

You can check how many GB-months of storage has been used by prebuilds by reviewing the current billing data for your personal or organization account. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/viewing-your-github-codespaces-usage)."

{% data reusables.codespaces.prebuilds-billing-for-forks %} For more information, see "[How billing is handled for forked repositories](#how-billing-is-handled-for-forked-repositories)."

### Controlling the cost of prebuilds

To reduce consumption of Actions minutes, you can set a prebuild to be updated only when you make a change to your dev container configuration files, or only on a custom schedule. You can also manage your storage usage by adjusting the number of previous versions of each prebuild that are retained. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/prebuilding-your-codespaces/configuring-prebuilds#configuring-prebuilds)."

To limit the storage costs associated with prebuilds, you can choose to create prebuilds only in selected regions, and you can specify the number of older versions of prebuilds that will be retained. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/prebuilding-your-codespaces/configuring-prebuilds#configuring-prebuilds)."

If you delete a prebuild configuration, all the associated prebuilds are deleted, reducing your storage consumption from that point onward. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/prebuilding-your-codespaces/managing-prebuilds#deleting-a-prebuild-configuration)."

{% note %}

**Notes**:
- Prebuilds may be updated several times during a billing month. Newer versions of a prebuild may be larger or smaller than the previous versions. This will affect the storage charges. For details of how storage is calculated during a billing month, see "[About billing for storage usage](#about-billing-for-storage-usage)" earlier in this article.
- As with deleting codespaces, deleting prebuilds does not reduce your used storage amount for the current billing month as this is a cumulative figure.

{% endnote %}

### Cost of codespaces created from prebuilds

Use of codespaces created using prebuilds is charged at the same rate as regular codespaces.

## Setting a spending limit

{% data reusables.codespaces.codespaces-spending-limit-requirement %}

For information on managing and changing your account's spending limit, see "[AUTOTITLE](/billing/managing-billing-for-github-codespaces/managing-the-spending-limit-for-github-codespaces)."

{% data reusables.codespaces.exporting-changes %}

## Limiting the machine types for organization-owned codespaces

By default the machine type with the lowest valid resources is used when a codespace is created. However, users may be able to choose a machine type with more resources. They can do this either when they create a codespace, or they can change the machine type of an existing codespace. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/creating-a-codespace-for-a-repository#creating-a-codespace-for-a-repository)" and "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/changing-the-machine-type-for-your-codespace)."

If a machine type that has more resources is chosen, this will affect the per-hour charge for that codespace, as shown in the table [earlier in this article](#pricing-for-paid-usage).

Organization owners can create a policy to limit the choice of machine types available to users for codespaces that are billed to an organization or enterprise account. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-access-to-machine-types)."

## Limiting the number of organization-owned codespaces

Organization owners can limit the number of codespaces that people can create, where the organization will be billed for the codespace. This can help to reduce storage charges for the organization. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/restricting-the-number-of-organization-billed-codespaces-a-user-can-create)."

## How billing is handled for forked repositories

Usage of codespaces created from a forked repository will be billed to your personal account unless the upstream (or parent) repository is in an organization that has allowed you - as a member, or outside collaborator, of the organization - to use codespaces at the organization's expense.

For example, consider a member, or outside collaborator, of an organization that has allowed billing for codespaces for that user. If the user has permission to fork an organization-owned private repository, they can subsequently create and use a codespace for the new repository at the organization's expense. This is because the organization is the owner of the parent repository. Note that the organization owner can remove the user's access to the private repository, the forked repository, and therefore also the codespace. The organization owner can also delete the parent repository which will also delete the forked repository. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/managing-repository-settings/managing-the-forking-policy-for-your-repository)."

{% data reusables.codespaces.prebuilds-billing-for-forks %} 

## How billing is handled when a repository is transferred to another organization

Usage is calculated every hour. An organization pays for usage of codespaces created from any repository owned by the organization, where the organization settings permit the organization to be billed. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/managing-codespaces-for-your-organization/choosing-who-owns-and-pays-for-codespaces-in-your-organization)." When a repository is transferred out of your organization, ownership and billing responsibility for any codespaces associated with that repository will change accordingly.

## How billing is handled for {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} templates

You can get started on a new project by creating a codespace from a template. Codespaces created from templates aren't initially associated with a repository, but you can publish the codespace to a repository owned by your personal account. For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/creating-a-codespace-from-a-template)."

Any organization can maintain a template repository for use with {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %}. As with any other repository in an organization, a codespace created from a template repository is billed to the organization if the organization has set a spending limit for {% data variables.product.prodname_github_codespaces %} and allowed the user creating the codespace to do so at the organization's expense. Otherwise, the codespace is billed to the user who creates the codespace.

If a user publishes a codespace created from a template, the codespace is published to a new repository owned by the user's personal account. If the codespace is currently billed to an organization, ownership and billing of the codespace transfer to the user who created the codespace.

{% ifversion ghec %}

{% note %}

**Note:** A {% data variables.enterprise.prodname_managed_user %} cannot be the billable owner of a codespace. Therefore:
- A {% data variables.enterprise.prodname_managed_user %} can only create a codespace from a template if the codespace is billed to an organization.
- A {% data variables.enterprise.prodname_managed_user %} cannot publish a codespace created from a template to a new repository.

For more information, see "[AUTOTITLE](/admin/identity-and-access-management/using-enterprise-managed-users-for-iam/about-enterprise-managed-users)."

{% endnote %}

{% endif %}

## What happens when users are removed

If a user is removed from an organization or repository, their codespaces are automatically deleted.
